README.md, before:

# Smart Crew

### Overview

One of the things that irritates me is that my crews keeps sticking themselves on the teleporter all the time, which inspired me to create this mod despite of my really tight schedule. Now your crews are much more active than fiddling with your teleporter! (probably because your crew and the other bois at 2am are looking for BEANS). This mod is for you if you don't like your crews looking like canned sausages. The current state is stable but still, it is imperative that you backup your saves before you start using this mod. If you happen to find a bug, please provide a link to your starbound.log file, trust me, it'll benefit the both of us. I'll work it out on the best available weekend I got.

This is my first mod btw, go easy on me.

### New Spice

  - Chemists, Engineers, and Mechanic will sometimes fail at their "experiment" so you might see them explode and do minuscule amount of AoE damage. They also work hard so they sweat... a lot.
  - Outlaws and Soldiers will, now patrol the area during certain times. You needed that security after all!

### Features

  - Improved crew behavior which makes them not hang around teleporter while on the ship.
  - Ship Crew members will actually "work" on certain items on ship depending on their role.
  - Internal schedule system so ship crew members will not always be anchored on the item they're assigned to.

### Anchor Items:

  - Chef: apexoven, campfire, floranstove, kitchenstovetop, medievallargecookingpot, microwave, nanostove, outpostcookingtable, outpostmicrowave, rusticoven, woodencookingtable
  - Chemist: apexcoolshelf2, blueflask, greenflask, redflask
  - Engineer: craftingfurnace, inventorstable
  - Janitor: hylotltrashcan, poop, trashbag, trashcan
  - Mechanic: apexfuelhatch, tier3switch, tier4switch
  - Medic: apexmedsign, stationmedscanner
  - Outlaw: gunchest, barrelgoldfilled,medievalmap,targetdummy, woodencrategoldfilled
  - Soldier: gunchest, medievalmap, targetdummy
  - Tailor: apexcoolchair, craftingwheel
 
If you happen not to have these items on your ship, don't worry! they will find random objects to hang around instead!

### Compatibility:

  - Test List as of [25 October, 2019]:
 
		✓ Vanilla - Passed
		✓ Chef Crewman - Passed
		✓ Datebound - Passed
		✓ Earth's Finest - Passed
		✓ FU - Passed
		✓ Nonuniform - Passed

  - Other Compatibility Notes:

		• This mod should be compatible with other mods that doesn't conflict with the crew behavior.
		• Will expand compatibility list as long as you provide me a mod to test it against.
		
### Future Features:

  - More behaviors and refined reactions. (Currently working on)
  - As for the long term, I'll create an in-game UI. (On lowest priority right now)

### Others and Feedback:

  - I'm open to suggestions as long as modding scope allows it to.

Commit message:

- Added function to return crew lounge status on crew node - Added smartcrew to the base module as patch - Added npc reaction config patch to allow smart crew as a spontaneous behavior - Changed taskDuration function into taskCurrent - Changed whole smart crew to be independent of wander behavior - Changed patched module to a separate smart crew node - Fixed sleep behavior - Removed obsolete parameters and module overrides - Updated sit and work behavior - Updated file paths to be more organized - Updated sleep, sit and wander to use recruit flags instead for special behavior checking - Updated compatibility list - Updated readme, metadata and steamMetaBackup

README.md, after:

# Smart Crew

### Overview

One of the things that irritates me is that my crews keeps sticking themselves on the teleporter all the time, which inspired me to create this mod despite of my really tight schedule. Now your crews are much more active than fiddling with your teleporter! (probably because your crew and the other bois at 2am are looking for BEANS). This mod is for you if you don't like your crews looking like canned sausages. The current state is stable but still, it is imperative that you backup your saves before you start using this mod. If you happen to find a bug, please provide a link to your starbound.log file, trust me, it'll benefit the both of us. I'll work it out on the best available weekend I got.

This is my first mod btw, go easy on me.

### New Spice

  - Chemists, Engineers, and Mechanic will sometimes fail at their "experiment" so you might see them explode and do minuscule amount of AoE damage. They also work hard so they sweat... a lot.
  - Outlaws and Soldiers will, now patrol the area during certain times. You needed that security after all!

### Features

  - Improved crew behavior which makes them not hang around teleporter while on the ship.
  - Ship Crew members will actually "work" on certain items on ship depending on their role.
  - Internal schedule system so ship crew members will not always be anchored on the item they're assigned to.

### Anchor Items:

  - Chef: apexoven, campfire, floranstove, kitchenstovetop, medievallargecookingpot, microwave, nanostove, outpostcookingtable, outpostmicrowave, rusticoven, woodencookingtable
  - Chemist: apexcoolshelf2, blueflask, greenflask, redflask
  - Engineer: craftingfurnace, inventorstable
  - Janitor: hylotltrashcan, poop, trashbag, trashcan
  - Mechanic: apexfuelhatch, tier3switch, tier4switch
  - Medic: apexmedsign, stationmedscanner
  - Outlaw: gunchest, barrelgoldfilled,medievalmap,targetdummy, woodencrategoldfilled
  - Soldier: gunchest, medievalmap, targetdummy
  - Tailor: apexcoolchair, craftingwheel
 
If you happen not to have these items on your ship, don't worry! they will find random objects to hang around instead!

### Compatibility:

  - Test List as of [7 March, 2020]:
 
		✓ Vanilla - Passed
		✓ Chef Crewman - Passed
		✓ Datebound - Passed
		✓ Earth's Finest - Passed
		✓ FU - Passed
    ✓ Geek's Crew - Passed
    ✓ Hunter Crewmembers - Passed
		✓ Nonuniform - Passed

  - Other Compatibility Notes:

		• This mod should be compatible with other mods that doesn't conflict with the crew behavior.
		• Will expand compatibility list as long as you provide me a mod to test it against.
		
### Future Features:

  - More behaviors and refined reactions. (Currently working on)
  - As for the long term, I'll create an in-game UI. (On lowest priority right now)

### Others and Feedback:

  - I'm open to suggestions as long as modding scope allows it to.
